patch10-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch10-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch10-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch10-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch10-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch11-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch11-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch11-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch11-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch12-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch12-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch13-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch13-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch14-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch14-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch15-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch15-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch16-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch17-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-18-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-20-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-20-Elixir-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-20-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-20-ssFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-25-ACS:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-28-ACS-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-28-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-28-DeepRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-28-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-28-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-28-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-28-SimFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-28-ssFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-2-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-2-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-2-Elixir-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-2-JGenProg2015-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-2-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-2-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-2-SOFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-2-SOFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-30-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-30-Elixir:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-30-SequenceR:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-30-ssFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-31-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-32-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-32-Elixir-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-32-Jaid:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-32-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-32-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-32-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-33-CapGen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-33-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-33-Elixir:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-33-SimFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-33-SketchFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-33-SketchFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-33-SOFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-33-ssFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-34-Elixir:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-34-HDRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-34-SOFix:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-35-ACS:
patch1-Math-35-SimFix:
patch1-Math-39-Arja:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-39-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-3-ACS:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-46-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-49-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-49-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-49-JGenProg2015-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-49-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-49-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-49-Nopol2015-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-53-Arja:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-53-DeepRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-53-Jaid:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-53-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-53-JGenProg2015:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-53-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-53-SimFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-53-ssFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-56-Arja-plausible:
patch1-Math-56-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-57-CapGen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-57-Elixir:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-57-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-57-SequenceR:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-57-SimFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-57-SOFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-57-ssFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-58-Arja:
no-diff: false, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-58-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-58-Elixir:
no-diff: false, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-58-jMutRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-58-Nopol2015-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-58-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-59-Elixir:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-59-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-59-ssFix:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-5-ACS:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-5-Arja:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-5-CapGen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-5-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-5-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-5-Elixir:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-5-Jaid:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-5-JGenProg2015:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-5-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-5-SequenceR:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-62-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-63-CapGen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-63-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-63-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-63-Elixir-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-63-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-65-CapGen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-68-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-6-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-6-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-6-SimFix-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-70-Arja:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-70-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-70-Elixir:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-70-JGenProg2015:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-70-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-70-SketchFix:
patch1-Math-70-SketchFix-plausible:
patch1-Math-70-ssFix:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-71-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-73-ACS-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-73-Arja:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-73-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-73-Elixir-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-73-JGenProg2015:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-73-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-73-SimFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-74-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-74-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-74-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-75-Elixir:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-78-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-78-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-79-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-79-SimFix:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-79-ssFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-7-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-CapGen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-Elixir-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-Jaid:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-jMutRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-Nopol2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-SequenceR:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-SimFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-SOFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-80-ssFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-81-ACS-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-81-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-81-DeepRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-81-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-81-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-81-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-81-SimFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-85-ACS:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-CapGen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-Elixir:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-HDRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-Jaid:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-jMutRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-Nopol2015-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-SimFix-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-85-SOFix:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-8-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-8-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-8-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-8-SimFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-8-ssFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-11-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Time-11-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-11-Elixir-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Time-11-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-11-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Time-11-jMutRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Time-11-Nopol2015-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-14-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-15-ACS:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-15-Arja:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-15-Elixir:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-17-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-18-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-19-SOFix:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-4-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Time-4-Elixir:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-4-JGenProg2015-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Time-4-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Time-7-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-7-SimFix:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Time-9-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-18-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-20-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-20-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-20-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-28-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-28-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-28-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-28-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-2-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-2-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-2-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-2-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-2-SOFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-30-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-31-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-32-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-32-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-46-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-49-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-49-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-49-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-53-Jaid:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-53-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-53-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-56-Arja-plausible:
patch2-Math-5-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-5-Jaid:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-62-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-63-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-63-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-6-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-6-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-70-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-70-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-70-SketchFix-plausible:
patch2-Math-73-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-73-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-74-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-74-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-78-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-78-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-79-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-80-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-80-Jaid:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-80-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-80-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-80-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-81-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-81-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-81-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-81-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-85-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-85-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-85-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-85-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-85-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-8-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-8-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-8-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Time-11-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Time-11-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Time-11-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Time-11-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Time-11-jMutRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Time-17-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Time-4-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Time-4-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Time-4-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-18-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-20-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-20-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-20-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-28-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-28-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-28-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-28-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-2-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-2-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-2-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-2-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-30-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-31-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-46-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-49-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-49-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-53-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-5-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-5-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-5-Jaid:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-63-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-63-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-70-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-73-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-73-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-74-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-78-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-78-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-79-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-80-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-80-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-80-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-80-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-81-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-81-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-81-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-81-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-85-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-85-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-85-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-85-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-85-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-8-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-8-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Time-11-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Time-11-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Time-11-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Time-11-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Time-11-jMutRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Time-17-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Time-4-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Time-4-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-18-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-20-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-20-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-28-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-28-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-28-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-28-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-2-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-2-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-2-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-2-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-30-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-31-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-46-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-49-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-49-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-49-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-5-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-63-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-70-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-73-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-73-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-74-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-78-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-78-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-79-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-80-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-80-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-80-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-81-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-81-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-81-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-81-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-85-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-85-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-85-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-8-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-8-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Time-11-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Time-11-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Time-11-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Time-11-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Time-11-jMutRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Time-17-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Time-4-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Time-4-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Time-4-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-20-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-20-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-28-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-28-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-28-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-2-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-2-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-2-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-30-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-31-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-46-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-49-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-49-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-49-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-63-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-63-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-70-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-73-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-73-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-74-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-78-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-78-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-79-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-80-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-80-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-80-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-81-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-81-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-85-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-85-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-8-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-8-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Time-11-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Time-11-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Time-11-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Time-11-jMutRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Time-17-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Time-4-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Time-4-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Time-4-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch6-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch6-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch6-Math-2-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch6-Math-31-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch6-Math-49-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch6-Math-49-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch6-Math-63-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch6-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch6-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch6-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch6-Math-8-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch6-Time-11-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch6-Time-4-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch7-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch7-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch7-Math-2-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch7-Math-31-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch7-Math-49-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch7-Math-63-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch7-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
patch7-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
patch7-Math-85-SequenceR:
patch7-Math-8-Arja-plausible:
patch7-Time-11-Arja-plausible:
patch7-Time-4-Arja-plausible:
patch8-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
patch8-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
patch8-Math-2-Arja-plausible:
patch8-Math-63-CapGen-plausible:
patch8-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
patch8-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
patch8-Math-85-SequenceR:
patch9-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
patch9-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
patch9-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
patch9-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
patch9-Math-85-SequenceR:
patch1-Math-35-ACS:
patch1-Math-35-SimFix:
patch1-Math-49-DeepRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-56-Arja-plausible:
patch1-Math-70-HDRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-70-SketchFix:
patch1-Math-70-SketchFix-plausible:
patch2-Math-56-Arja-plausible:
patch2-Math-70-SketchFix-plausible:
patch4-Math-63-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-81-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Time-11-jKali:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch7-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch7-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch7-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch7-Math-8-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch7-Time-11-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch7-Time-4-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch8-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch8-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch8-Math-2-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: false
patch8-Math-63-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch8-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch8-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch8-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch9-Math-20-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch9-Math-28-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch9-Math-80-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch9-Math-80-CapGen-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch9-Math-85-SequenceR:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-35-ACS:
patch1-Math-35-SimFix:
patch1-Math-56-Arja-plausible:
patch1-Math-70-SketchFix:
patch1-Math-70-SketchFix-plausible:
patch2-Math-56-Arja-plausible:
patch2-Math-70-SketchFix-plausible:
patch1-Math-35-ACS:
patch1-Math-35-SimFix:
patch1-Math-56-Arja-plausible:
patch1-Math-57-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-70-SketchFix:
patch1-Math-70-SketchFix-plausible:
patch2-Math-56-Arja-plausible:
patch2-Math-57-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-70-SketchFix-plausible:
patch3-Math-57-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-57-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-57-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-35-ACS:
patch1-Math-35-SimFix:
patch1-Math-35-ACS:
patch1-Math-35-ACS:
patch1-Math-35-ACS:
patch1-Math-35-SimFix:
patch1-Math-56-Arja-plausible:
patch1-Math-70-SketchFix:
patch1-Math-70-SketchFix-plausible:
patch2-Math-56-Arja-plausible:
patch2-Math-70-SketchFix-plausible:
patch1-Math-82-ACS:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-Elixir:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-HDRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-Jaid:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-SequenceR:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-SimFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-SketchFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-SketchFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-82-SOFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-84-Cardumen:
patch1-Math-84-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-84-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-84-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-86-Arja:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-88-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-88-jMutRepair:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-88-SimFix-plausible:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-89-ACS:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-90-ACS:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-93-ACS:
patch1-Math-95-Cardumen:
patch1-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
patch1-Math-97-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-99-ACS:
patch2-Math-82-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-82-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-82-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-82-SketchFix-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-84-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-84-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-84-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-88-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-95-Cardumen:
patch2-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
patch2-Math-97-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-82-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-82-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-82-SequenceR:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-84-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-84-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-88-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-95-Cardumen:
patch3-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
patch3-Math-97-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-82-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-82-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-84-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-84-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-88-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-95-Cardumen:
patch4-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
patch4-Math-97-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-82-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-84-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-88-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-95-Cardumen:
patch5-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
patch5-Math-97-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-84-Cardumen:
patch1-Math-93-ACS:
patch1-Math-95-Cardumen:
patch1-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
patch1-Math-99-ACS:
patch2-Math-82-SequenceR:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-95-Cardumen:
patch2-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
patch3-Math-95-Cardumen:
patch3-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
patch4-Math-95-Cardumen:
patch4-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
patch5-Math-95-Cardumen:
patch5-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
patch1-Math-84-Cardumen:
patch1-Math-93-ACS:
patch1-Math-99-ACS:
patch2-Math-82-SequenceR:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-93-ACS:
patch1-Math-99-ACS:
patch1-Math-40-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-40-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-41-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-41-SimFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-41-ssFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-Arja:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-Elixir:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-HDRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-Jaid:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-JGenProg2015:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-jKali:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-jMutRepair:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-Nopol2015:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-SimFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-SketchFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-SOFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-50-ssFix:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-60-Arja-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-60-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-61-ACS:
patch1-Math-69-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch1-Math-95-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-40-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-40-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-41-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-50-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-50-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-60-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-69-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch2-Math-95-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch2-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-40-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-40-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-41-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-50-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-50-Jaid-plausible:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-50-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-60-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch3-Math-95-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch3-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-40-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-41-Cardumen:
patch4-Math-50-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-50-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-60-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch4-Math-95-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch4-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-40-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-41-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-50-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-50-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: true, same-length: true, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-60-Cardumen:
no-diff: true, same-length: false, content-diff: true, length-diff: true
patch5-Math-95-Cardumen:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch5-Math-95-JGenProg2017:
no-diff: false, same-length: false, content-diff: false, length-diff: false
patch1-Math-61-ACS:
patch4-Math-41-Cardumen:
